README.md, before:

Frontend developers bookmarks
===========================

> I took all the bookmarks of my browser to put them here. Good luck to read everything.

## Made by Google
+ [Web Starter Kit by Google](https://github.com/google/web-starter-kit)
+ [Mobile Website Speed Testing Tool by Google](https://testmysite.thinkwithgoogle.com/) — Test your sites performance on mobile with Google and receive recommendations for improving performance across all devices.
+ Google guides 
    + [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml)
    + [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)

## Tools
+ [Can I use](http://caniuse.com/) — Support tables for HTML5, CSS3, etc
+ Device sizes
    + [mydevice.io](http://www.mydevice.io/) — Web devices capabilities.
    + [Screensiz.es](http://screensiz.es/phone) — Database of screen specifications for the most popular devices on the market.
+ [Modernizr Test Suit](http://modernizr.github.io/Modernizr/test/) — Test browser features with modernizr.

## HTML
+ [W3C Markup Validation](https://validator.w3.org/)
+ [HTML Elements and Attributes](https://simon.html5.org/html-elements) — List of all HTML tags and attributes.
+ [BEM Methodology](https://en.bem.info/methodology/) — Naming convention - Block Element Modifier.
+ [HEAD](https://github.com/joshbuchea/HEAD) — A list of everything that could go in the <head> of your document.

## CSS
+ [CSS Reference](http://cssreference.io/) — A free visual guide to the most popular CSS properties.
+ [CSS Guidelines](http://cssguidelin.es/) — High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS.
+ [Maintainable CSS](http://maintainablecss.com/) — MaintainableCSS is an approach to writing modular, scalable and of course, maintainable CSS.
+ [When to use which CSS methodology](http://simurai.com/blog/2016/11/27/css-methodologies)
+ [Stylelint](http://stylelint.io/) — A mighty, modern CSS linter that helps you enforce consistent conventions and avoid errors in your stylesheets.
+ [Lint your CSS with stylelint](https://css-tricks.com/stylelint/)
+ [Line-height units](http://tzi.fr/css/line-height-units) — Which unit should we use for our CSS line-height? (28/10/2013)
+ [Flexbugs](https://github.com/philipwalton/flexbugs) — Community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them.
+ [Flexbox Froggy](http://flexboxfroggy.com/) — Learn flexbox with Froggy and friends.
+ [Une feuille de styles de base pour le media print](http://www.alsacreations.com/astuce/lire/1160-une-feuille-de-styles-de-base-pour-le-media-print.html) (French - 23/07/2012)
+ [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com/) — A reference for the render impact of mutating CSS properties.

## Sass
+ [Sass Basics](http://sass-lang.com/guide) — Official Sass guide.
+ [Sass 3.3 Maptastic paple](http://thesassway.com/news/sass-3-3-released) — New features in Sass version 3.3
+ [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es/) — An opinionated styleguide for writing sane, maintainable and scalable Sass.
+ [Sass & Compass color functions](http://jackiebalzer.com/color) — A visual guide to Sass & Compass color functions
+ [Architecture for a Sass Project](https://www.sitepoint.com/architecture-sass-project/) — One of the architectures for sass projects (27/02/2014)
+ [Awesome Sass](https://github.com/Famolus/awesome-sass) — Curated list of awesome Sass and SCSS frameworks, libraries, style guides, articles, and resources.

## Javascript
+ [jQuery Tips Everyone Should Know ](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/jquery-tips-everyone-should-know) — A collection of simple tips to help up your jQuery game.

### Plugins
+ [slick](http://kenwheeler.github.io/slick/) — Responsive carousel jQuery plugin that supports multiple breakpoints, CSS3 transitions, touch events/swiping and much more !
+ [bxSlider](http://bxslider.com/) — The Responsive jQuery Content Slider.
+ [skrollr](https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr) — Stand-alone parallax scrolling JavaScript library for mobile (Android, iOS, etc.) and desktop. (inactive since about Septembre 2014)
+ [Hammer.js](http://hammerjs.github.io/) — Hammer helps you add support for touch gestures to your page, and remove the 300ms delay from clicks.
+ [Masonry](https://github.com/desandro/masonry) — Cascading grid layout library.

## Performances
+ [Yahoo's performance guidelines ](https://developer.yahoo.com/performance/rules.html) — Best practices for speeding up your site web.
+ [Comment perdre du poids (dans le navigateur)](https://browserdiet.com/fr/)
+ [Defer images without jQuery or lazy loading](https://varvy.com/pagespeed/defer-images.html)
+ [CSS box-shadow Can Slow Down Scrolling](http://nerds.airbnb.com/box-shadows-are-expensive-to-paint/)

## Time-saving
+ [Browsersync](https://www.browsersync.io/) — Synchronised browser testing.

## Others
+ [Sharing Debugger — Facebook for Developers](https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/) — See what is shared on Facebook.
+ [EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org/)

Commit message:

Adding Sass to PostCSS post

README.md, after:

Frontend developers bookmarks
===========================

> I took all the bookmarks of my browser to put them here. Good luck to read everything.

## Made by Google
+ [Web Starter Kit by Google](https://github.com/google/web-starter-kit)
+ [Mobile Website Speed Testing Tool by Google](https://testmysite.thinkwithgoogle.com/) — Test your sites performance on mobile with Google and receive recommendations for improving performance across all devices.
+ Google guides 
    + [Google HTML/CSS Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/htmlcssguide.xml)
    + [Google JavaScript Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/jsguide.html)

## Tools
+ [Can I use](http://caniuse.com/) — Support tables for HTML5, CSS3, etc
+ Device sizes
    + [mydevice.io](http://www.mydevice.io/) — Web devices capabilities.
    + [Screensiz.es](http://screensiz.es/phone) — Database of screen specifications for the most popular devices on the market.
+ [Modernizr Test Suit](http://modernizr.github.io/Modernizr/test/) — Test browser features with modernizr.

## HTML
+ [W3C Markup Validation](https://validator.w3.org/)
+ [HTML Elements and Attributes](https://simon.html5.org/html-elements) — List of all HTML tags and attributes.
+ [BEM Methodology](https://en.bem.info/methodology/) — Naming convention - Block Element Modifier.
+ [HEAD](https://github.com/joshbuchea/HEAD) — A list of everything that could go in the <head> of your document.

## CSS
+ [CSS Reference](http://cssreference.io/) — A free visual guide to the most popular CSS properties.
+ [CSS Guidelines](http://cssguidelin.es/) — High-level advice and guidelines for writing sane, manageable, scalable CSS.
+ [Maintainable CSS](http://maintainablecss.com/) — MaintainableCSS is an approach to writing modular, scalable and of course, maintainable CSS.
+ [When to use which CSS methodology](http://simurai.com/blog/2016/11/27/css-methodologies)
+ [Stylelint](http://stylelint.io/) — A mighty, modern CSS linter that helps you enforce consistent conventions and avoid errors in your stylesheets.
+ [Lint your CSS with stylelint](https://css-tricks.com/stylelint/)
+ [Line-height units](http://tzi.fr/css/line-height-units) — Which unit should we use for our CSS line-height? (28/10/2013)
+ [Flexbugs](https://github.com/philipwalton/flexbugs) — Community-curated list of flexbox issues and cross-browser workarounds for them.
+ [Flexbox Froggy](http://flexboxfroggy.com/) — Learn flexbox with Froggy and friends.
+ [Une feuille de styles de base pour le media print](http://www.alsacreations.com/astuce/lire/1160-une-feuille-de-styles-de-base-pour-le-media-print.html) (French - 23/07/2012)
+ [CSS Triggers](https://csstriggers.com/) — A reference for the render impact of mutating CSS properties.
+ [From Sass to PostCSS](https://tylergaw.com/articles/sass-to-postcss) — Making the switch from the long time go-to Sass, to a new PostCSS/cssnext styling setup.

## Sass
+ [Sass Basics](http://sass-lang.com/guide) — Official Sass guide.
+ [Sass 3.3 Maptastic paple](http://thesassway.com/news/sass-3-3-released) — New features in Sass version 3.3
+ [Sass Guidelines](https://sass-guidelin.es/) — An opinionated styleguide for writing sane, maintainable and scalable Sass.
+ [Sass & Compass color functions](http://jackiebalzer.com/color) — A visual guide to Sass & Compass color functions
+ [Architecture for a Sass Project](https://www.sitepoint.com/architecture-sass-project/) — One of the architectures for sass projects (27/02/2014)
+ [Awesome Sass](https://github.com/Famolus/awesome-sass) — Curated list of awesome Sass and SCSS frameworks, libraries, style guides, articles, and resources.

## Javascript
+ [jQuery Tips Everyone Should Know ](https://github.com/AllThingsSmitty/jquery-tips-everyone-should-know) — A collection of simple tips to help up your jQuery game.

### Plugins
+ [slick](http://kenwheeler.github.io/slick/) — Responsive carousel jQuery plugin that supports multiple breakpoints, CSS3 transitions, touch events/swiping and much more !
+ [bxSlider](http://bxslider.com/) — The Responsive jQuery Content Slider.
+ [skrollr](https://github.com/Prinzhorn/skrollr) — Stand-alone parallax scrolling JavaScript library for mobile (Android, iOS, etc.) and desktop. (inactive since about Septembre 2014)
+ [Hammer.js](http://hammerjs.github.io/) — Hammer helps you add support for touch gestures to your page, and remove the 300ms delay from clicks.
+ [Masonry](https://github.com/desandro/masonry) — Cascading grid layout library.

## Performances
+ [Yahoo's performance guidelines ](https://developer.yahoo.com/performance/rules.html) — Best practices for speeding up your site web.
+ [Comment perdre du poids (dans le navigateur)](https://browserdiet.com/fr/)
+ [Defer images without jQuery or lazy loading](https://varvy.com/pagespeed/defer-images.html)
+ [CSS box-shadow Can Slow Down Scrolling](http://nerds.airbnb.com/box-shadows-are-expensive-to-paint/)

## Time-saving
+ [Browsersync](https://www.browsersync.io/) — Synchronised browser testing.

## Others
+ [Sharing Debugger — Facebook for Developers](https://developers.facebook.com/tools/debug/) — See what is shared on Facebook.
+ [EditorConfig](http://editorconfig.org/)
